TODO.md, before:

Here is a list of tasks that will make the game actually work or make it better.

Coding stuff to do (in rough order of importance in each list)

Make server work
 - [x] Write code for updating game based on message
    - [x] When in hand mode
    - [x] When in deck mode
 - [x] Write code for sending response messages
 - [x] Write code for dealing a card
 - [ ] Add scoring into receiving a card

Make client work
 - [ ] Different states for the client (split into files):
    - [ ] Matching from hand, playing (hp)
    - [ ] Matching from hand, not playing (hn)
    - [ ] Matching from draw, playing (dp)
    - [ ] Matching from draw, not playing? (dn)
    - [ ] You score, continue? (sp)
    - [ ] They score, continue? (sn)
    - [ ] Game finished! (gf)
    - [ ] Menu (m)
  - [ ] Write code for updating game when moves received from the server
  - [ ] Implement some method for dropping a card and sending that move
  - [ ] Write code for receiving dealt card
  - [ ] Write code for displaying scored cards
  - [ ] Sort out ending game code

Other stuff
 - [x] Get it to shuffle cards *differently* each time
 - [x] Separate client code and server code into folders
 - [ ] Allow people to be randomly matched with opponents
 - [ ] Allow playing multiple games as part of a longer match
 - [ ] Split server into different files because it is getting long
 - [x] Fix issue with one player connected and another not connected (waiting stage?)
 - [ ] Change tween implementation to use dictionary-tables instead of list-tables

Commit message:

Add client code for updating when move is received
Add code for dealing with updates in each of the four states.
Also add bugs list to the todo list.

TODO.md, after:

Here is a list of tasks that will make the game actually work or make it better.

Coding stuff to do (in rough order of importance in each list)

Make server work
 - [x] Write code for updating game based on message
    - [x] When in hand mode
    - [x] When in deck mode
 - [x] Write code for sending response messages
 - [x] Write code for dealing a card
 - [ ] Add scoring into receiving a card

Make client work
 - [ ] Different states for the client (split into files):
    - [ ] Matching from hand, playing (hp)
    - [ ] Matching from hand, not playing (hn)
    - [ ] Matching from draw, playing (dp)
    - [ ] Matching from draw, not playing? (dn)
    - [ ] You score, continue? (sp)
    - [ ] They score, continue? (sn)
    - [ ] Game finished! (gf)
    - [ ] Menu (m)
  - [x] Write code for updating game when moves received from the server
  - [ ] Move the cards after they have arrived
  - [ ] Implement some method for dropping a card and sending that move
  - [x] Write code for receiving dealt card
  - [ ] Write code for displaying scored cards
  - [ ] Sort out ending game code

Other stuff
 - [x] Get it to shuffle cards *differently* each time
 - [x] Separate client code and server code into folders
 - [ ] Allow people to be randomly matched with opponents
 - [ ] Allow playing multiple games as part of a longer match
 - [ ] Split server into different files because it is getting long
 - [x] Fix issue with one player connected and another not connected (waiting stage?)
 - [ ] Change tween implementation to use dictionary-tables instead of list-tables

 Weird bugs
  - [ ] Sometimes moves don't seem to be verified, and I'm not yet sure why.
        Examples: `]
